>> "TRUE JACKSON, VP"
WAS FILMED IN FRONT
OF A LIVE STUDIO AUDIENCE.
>> OSCAR, DO WE HAVE AN ETA
ON MAX?
>> HIS PLANE LANDED AN HOUR AGO.
HE SHOULD BE HERE SHORTLY.
>> WELL, I'D LIKE EVERYTHING
TO BE PERFECT WHEN HE ARRIVES,
SO PLEASE
STRAIGHTEN UP YOUR DESK.
>> LITTLE HELP?
>> WHAT DO YOU THINK
YOU'RE DOING?
>> WELL, I THINK
I'M PLAYING DODGEBALL
WITH ELLA IN ACCOUNTING, WHY?
>> I MAY HAVE MENTIONED THIS
ONCE OR TWICE,
BUT THIS IS A PLACE OF BUSINESS,
NOT A PLAYGROUND.
>> OH.
WELL, THEN HOW DO YOU EXPLAIN
ALL THE SAND IN MY SHOE?
>> BALL.
HAVE FUN.
>> YOU KNOWS IT.
>> HEY, AMANDA,
IS IT OKAY IF A COLLEGE STUDENT
FOLLOWS ME AROUND FOR A DAY?
>> OKAY FOR WHOM?
I IMAGINE
IT WOULD BE VERY BORING
FOR THIS PERSON.
>> HER NAME'S JUDY.
SHE SENT ME A LETTER
ASKING ME IF SHE COULD SEE
WHAT IT'S LIKE TO WORK
IN FASHION.
>> IT'S FINE WITH ME,
BUT YOU MIGHT WANT
TO RUN IT BY MAX.
HE'S GOT SOMETHING BIG
PLANNED FOR US TODAY.
>> WHAT?
>> I DON'T KNOW EXACTLY,
BUT I WOULD IMAGINE
IT HAS SOMETHING TO DO
WITH HIS TRIP TO AFRICA.
>> MY PARENTS WENT TO AFRICA
FOR THEIR HONEYMOON.
I DON'T THINK
THEY HAD A GOOD TIME, THOUGH.
MY DAD WAS ALL WORKED UP
BECAUSE THE FLIGHT ATTENDANT
ONLY GAVE THEM ONE BAG OF NUTS.
I MEAN, HE STILL TALKS ABOUT IT.
MY MOM'S LIKE,
"LET IT GO, LARRY."
>> SOMETHING WRONG, LULU?
>> WELL, SORT OF.
I WAS TEXTING WITH MIKEY J,
AND HE WROTE ME THIS.
>> I DON'T GET IT.
>> NEITHER DO I.
>> IT KIND OF LOOKS LIKE
A PENGUIN IF YOU SQUINT.
WERE YOU TALKING
ABOUT PENGUINS?
>> NO, WE WERE BEING
KIND OF FRIENDLY,
BUT ALSO KIND OF FLIRTY,
AND THEN I ASKED HIM
IF HE WANTED
TO HANG OUT SOMETIME,
AND THERE WAS A LONG PAUSE,
AND THEN HE SENT ME THIS.
>> MAYBE AMANDA KNOWS.
>> OKAY.
>> HEY, AMANDA,
YOU GO OUT WITH BOYS,
WHAT DOES THIS MEAN TO YOU?
>> IT MEANS YOUR CELL PHONE
IS BROKEN.
THERE'S NOTHING
BUT A BUNCH OF UNRELATED LETTERS
AND PUNCTUATION MARKS.
>> IT'S AN EMOTICON.
YOU KNOW, LIKE HAPPY OR SAD
OR CONFUSED.
DON'T YOU USE THEM?
>> NO, I EXPRESS MY FEELINGS
WITH ACTUAL WORDS,
LIKE HAPPY OR SAD
OR NOT INTERESTED.
>> SO WHAT ARE YOU GONNA DO?
>> I DON'T KNOW.
YOU'LL FIGURE IT OUT.
MAN, ISN'T IT HOT IN HERE?
>> YEAH, RIGHT?
I'LL TURN UP THE AIR.
[MUSIC]
♪ FROM MY HEAD TO MY TOES ♪
♪ ITS ALL REAL AND YOU KNOW ♪
♪ FRESH AND COOL ♪
♪ IT'S JUST WHAT I DO ♪
♪ T-R-U-E-J-A-C-K-S-O-N-V-P ♪
♪ WORKING AT A GROWN-UP JOB ♪
♪ NEVER REALLY KNEW ♪
♪ I CAN WORK THIS HARD ♪
♪ JUST USED TO SIT AT HOME ♪
♪ AND WATCH TV ♪
♪ NOW I'M IN THE OFFICE ♪
♪ AS A NEW VP ♪
♪ I'M ALWAYS SETTING TRENDS ♪
♪ WITH MY TWO BEST FRIENDS ♪
♪ WHEN THINGS GET OUT OF HAND ♪
♪ WE HAVE A PLAN ♪
♪ WE'RE JUST MESSIN' AROUND ♪
♪ AND WE'RE MAKIN' NEW GROUND ♪
♪ FOR THE WHOLE WIDE WORLD ♪
♪ TO SEE ♪
♪ IF YOU SEE US IN TOWN ♪
♪ YOU KNOW WHAT'S GOING DOWN ♪
♪ 'CAUSE I'M THE NEW VP ♪
>> MAX?
>> JAMBO.
THAT'S SWAHILI FOR HELLO.
>> WELCOME BACK, MAX.
WE MISSED YOU DEARLY.
>> WOW, MR. MADIGAN,
I LOVE YOUR NEW CLOTHES
FROM AFRICA.
>> WHY THANK YOU, TRUE.
UGANDA WAS A TRULY
UNFORGETTABLE LIKIZO.
THAT'S SWAHILI FOR VACATION.
>> WHAT'S SWAHILI FOR HURRY UP
AND GIVE ME MY PRESENT?
>> PRESENT?
>> DID YOU SAY PRESENT?
BECAUSE I BROUGHT BACK
SOME SPECIAL SURPRISES.
TRUE, WHEN I WAS IN UGANDA,
I SPENT A GREAT DEAL OF TIME
WITH THE BAGANDA TRIBE.
I TOLD THE TRIBAL ELDERS
ABOUT A YOUNG GIRL
WHO WORKS FOR ME,
AND THEY WERE SO IMPRESSED,
THEY WANTED YOU TO HAVE THIS.
>> IT'S AMAZING.
I'M SO GLAD I DIDN'T GET A GOAT.
I HEARD THEY GIVE GOATS.
>> BIG GOAT GIVERS, ARE THEY?
NOW ME.
>> AMANDA, WHEN I SAW THIS,
I COULDN'T HELP
BUT THINK OF YOU.
>> I AM INCREDIBLY HONORED.
THIS CAME FROM AFRICA?
>> INDEED.
THEY SAID
IT'S OVER A HUNDRED YEARS OLD.
>> THERE'S A BARCODE
ON THE BOTTOM.
>> NOW FOR THE REAL SURPRISE.
SOMETHING SO TOP SECRET
THAT ONLY
MY MOST TRUSTED EXECUTIVES
CAN KNOW ABOUT IT.
WHERE'S KOPELMAN?
KOPELMAN.
I'M MAKING AN EXTREMELY
IMPORTANT ANNOUNCEMENT.
I WANT YOU NOWHERE NEAR ME.
IN FACT,
GET OUT OF THE BUILDING.
NOW THAT HE'S GONE,
I CAN REVEAL PERHAPS
THE MOST IMPORTANT DISCOVERY
IN THE HISTORY OF MAD STYLE.
SHUT THE DOOR.
THIS IS MUTUBA CLOTH.
>> IT'S AMAZING, MAX.
THIS IS TRULY AMAZING.
SHALL I OPEN THE DOOR AGAIN?
>> WHAT THE WHOZIT'S
A MUTUBA CLOTH?
>> MUTUBA CLOTH
IS A COMPLETELY ORGANIC FABRIC
MADE FROM THE BARK
OF THE MUTUBA TREE.
IT'S GOING TO MAKE MAD STYLE
THE LEADER
IN ECO-FRIENDLY FASHION
AROUND THE WORLD.
>> MAD STYLE'S GOING GREEN.
[LAUGHS]
>> AS GREEN AS A PEA
ON THE BACK OF A FROG.
I AM GOING TO ANNOUNCE
MY DISCOVERY TO THE PRESS
NEXT WEEK.
[DOOR KNOCK]
WHO IS IT?
>> OSCAR.
>> YOU MAY ENTER.
>> TRUE, I JUST WANT
TO LET YOU KNOW
THAT YOUR GUEST HAS ARRIVED.
>> THANKS.
>> OSCAR, WHILE YOU'RE HERE,
I BROUGHT YOU A SOUVENIR
FROM MY TRIP.
THIS IS A HAND-CARVED STATUE
OF MUKASA.
HE'S KNOWN AS THE UGANDAN
GOD OF ADMINISTRATION.
BE CAREFUL, THOUGH,
THERE IS ONLY THREE LIKE IT
IN THE ENTIRE WORLD.
>> THANK YOU SO MUCH.
I WILL TREASURE IT FOREVER.
WHAT DID YOU GET?
>> JUST BE GLAD
YOU DIDN'T GET A GOAT.
>> OH, THAT REMINDS ME,
I'VE GOT SOMETHING FOR ELLA
IN ACCOUNTING.
[GOAT BLEATS]
>> JUDY?
>> OH, HI.
I WAS JUST PLAYING SCRUNCH
ON YOUR COMPUTER.
>> WHAT'S SCRUNCH?
>> OH, YOU DON'T PLAY SCRUNCH?
IT'S THIS GREAT GAME
WHERE ALL THESE BEARS
WEAR LIPSTICK
AND THEY TRY TO KISS YOU,
SO YOU HAVE TO HIDE
BEFORE THEY TURN YOU
COMPLETELY RED.
>> I HAD A NIGHTMARE LIKE THAT
ONE TIME.
BUT EXCEPT INSTEAD OF BEARS,
IT WAS MY AUNT TONISHA.
I MEAN, I WOKE UP
SCREAMING SO LOUD
MY DAD JUMPED OUT THE WINDOW
AND BROKE HIS LEG.
THEN MY AUNT TONISHA CAME
AND STAYED WITH US.
>> OH, THIS IS SO FRUSTRATING.
WHAT DOES IT MEAN?
>> MAYBE JUDY HAS AN IDEA.
SHE'S IN COLLEGE.
>> YOU'RE IN COLLEGE?
>> YES. WHY, DO I LOOK DUMB?
>> NO, OLD.
>> LULU.
>> EVERYBODY IN COLLEGE
LOOKS LIKE ME.
I LOVE COLLEGE.
WE DRINK MILK SHAKES
AND SLEEP IN BUNK BEDS.
YEAH, I CAN'T READ THIS.
>> I KNOW, RIGHT?
IT'S FROM THIS BOY, MIKEY J.
I CAN'T TELL IF HE LIKES ME.
>> HE TOTALLY LIKES YOU.
WHY ELSE WOULD HE SPEND
TWO SOLID YEARS AVOIDING YOU?
THAT'S DEDICATION.
>> CAN WE TAKE THAT TOUR NOW?
>> OH, RYAN WANTS US TO MEET HIM
DOWNSTAIRS AT HAPPYBERRY.
>> OKAY.
YOU LIKE YOGURT, RIGHT, JUDY?
>> ARE YOU KIDDING ME?
WE HAVE A HIP-HOP YOGURT SHOP
ON CAMPUS, YO YO YO GURT.
>> HEY, OSCAR, IT'S COOL
IF WE GO GET SOME YOGURT, RIGHT?
>> YES,
BUT WASH YOUR HANDS FIRST.
BOTH SIDES.
>> HE'S KIDDING.
>> NO, I'M NOT.
>> OSCAR,
I'M TRYING TO LOOK COOL HERE.
>> HEY, JUDY, THIS IS AMANDA.
AMANDA, THIS IS JUDY,
THE COLLEGE STUDENT
I WAS TELLING YOU ABOUT.
>> OH, A PLEASURE.
>> WHAT ARE YOU WORKING ON,
AMANDA?
>> AN EXCITING NEW PROJECT
CALLED NONE OF YOUR BEESWAX.
>> NOT REALLY.
SHE JUST DOESN'T WANT
TO TELL YOU.
>> OSCAR, DO YOU MIND
IF I KEEP MY MUG HERE
FOR SAFEKEEPING?
>> BE CAREFUL, DON'T--
IS IT OKAY?
>> YES.
>> HOW ABOUT NOW?
>> WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
>> OH,
IT'S JUST A LITTLE EXPERIMENT.
I'M SEEING HOW LONG
I CAN POUR WATER BACK AND FORTH
BETWEEN TWO CUPS
BEFORE THE MANAGER KICKS ME OUT.
IT'S BEEN OVER AN HOUR.
THIS GUY'S TERRIBLE.
I'LL BET HE'S A SPY.
>> NOT THIS AGAIN.
>> OH, HEY, THIS IS JUDY.
SHE'S A COLLEGE STUDENT.
>> YOU'RE A COLLEGE STUDENT?
>> FO' SHIZZLE.
>> WHY IS MR. MADIGAN WEARING
HIS BATHROBE TO WORK TODAY?
>> THAT'S NOT A BATHROBE.
IT'S A DASHIKI, YOU KNOW,
HE GOT IT ON HIS TRIP TO AFRICA.
>> WHAT WAS HE DOING THERE?
>> WELL, I BET
HE WAS RIDING ZEBRAS.
>> I KNOW HE FOUND
THIS REALLY RARE FABRIC.
>> MADE OUT OF ZEBRAS?
>> IT HAS SOMETHING TO DO
WITH THE ENVIRONMENT.
IT'S REALLY TOP SECRET.
>> OH GOODY, I LOVE TO GOSSIP.
WHAT'S IT REALLY MADE OF?
>> I'M NOT SURE.
TREES OR SOMETHING.
HE'S CALLING IT A MUTUBA CLOTH.
>> A MUTUBA.
>> TRUE, CAN I TALK TO YOU
FOR A SECOND REAL FAST?
YOU THINK IT'S A GOOD IDEA
TALKING ABOUT
MR. MADIGAN'S SECRETS?
WHAT IF SHE'S A SPY?
>> RYAN, YOU'VE GOT TO TRUST
PEOPLE A LITTLE.
>> OKAY.
WELL AT THE VERY LEAST,
MAKE HER PINKY PROMISE.
>> HEY, JUDY,
YOU WON'T MENTION ANYTHING ABOUT
WHAT WE JUST TALKED ABOUT,
WILL YOU?
IT'S TOP SECRET.
>> NOT IF YOU DON'T WANT ME TO.
>> I DON'T.
>> PINKY PROMISE.
>> LOOK, I HATE TO DO THIS
TO YOU
BUT WOULD YOU MIND
PINKY-PROMISING?
>> WELL, IF THAT'S
WHAT YOU WANT.
I WILL NOT TELL ANYONE ABOUT
MR. MADIGAN'S MUTUBA CLOTH.
OH, IT'S MY R.A.
I PROBABLY LEFT
THE STEREO ON AGAIN.
I SHOULD TAKE THIS.
>> I'M GETTING YOGURT.
WHO WANTS?
>> ME.
CAN YOU GET GO GO BEARS ON MINE?
>> FORGET IT.
>> WHAT ARE GO GO BEARS?
>> SUGAR BALLS FILLED
WITH AN ENERGY DRINK.
>> I KNOW A GUY
WHO HAD TWO SERVINGS
AND LITERALLY OUTRAN A COUGAR.
SO CAN I PLEASE GET SOME?
>> NO.
>> HEY, RYAN,
WHAT DO YOU MAKE OF THIS?
>> IT'S VERY INTERESTING.
>> OOH, YOU KNOW WHAT IT MEANS?
>> NO, MY FINGER'S BLEEDING.
>> OH, I CAN'T FIGURE IT OUT.
I ASKED MIKEY J.
IF HE WANTED TO HANG OUT
AND THAT'S WHAT HE WROTE BACK.
>> YOU KNOW WHAT YOU SHOULD DO?
JUST SEND HIM
A CRAZY EMOTICON BACK.
PUT THE BALL IN HIS COURT.
>> HEY, THAT'S A GOOD IDEA.
>> YEAH, I'M FULL OF GOOD IDEAS.
LIKE MY IDEA
FOR THE POCKET CHEESE GRATER.
ACTUALLY I HAVE ONE WITH ME.
OW.
OH, NOT AGAIN.
>> TRUE, THERE YOU ARE.
IT'S A CODE YELLOW
IN THE CONFERENCE ROOM, STAT.
>> OH, WHAT DOES THAT MEAN?
>> OH, IT'S AN EMERGENCY
STAFF MEETING.
>> CAN I COME?
>> NO, YOU PROBABLY SHOULDN'T.
HANG IN MY OFFICE
TILL I GET BACK.
PLAY SOME SCRUNCH.
>> WHAT IS THAT?
>> SIT DOWN, TRUE.
I NEED ALL MY TOP EXECUTIVES.
WHERE'S KOPELMAN?
I JUST WANT YOU TO KNOW THAT
IT WAS WRONG OF ME TO THROW YOU
OUT OF THE MEETING EARLIER.
BUT THIS MEETING
IS MUCH MORE IMPORTANT,
SO GET OUT.
OUT.
I'VE JUST BEEN INFORMED THAT
SIMON CRISTINI HAS FOUND OUT
ABOUT THE MUTUBA CLOTH
AND IS GOING TO ANNOUNCE IT
AS HIS OWN DISCOVERY.
WE HAVE TO ACT QUICKLY.
I HAVE MOVED
THE PRESS CONFERENCE
TO 3:00 TODAY.
>> 3:00?
IS THAT EVEN POSSIBLE?
>> WE HAVE NO CHOICE.
BUT DON'T WORRY,
DORIS HAS ASKED HER COUSIN
TO HELP US OUT
AS A SPOKES-OMELET.
>> DID YOU JUST SAY
SPOKES-OMELET?
>> DID I?
I MEANT TO SAY SPOKESPERSON.
I DIDN'T HAVE BREAKFAST
THIS MORNING.
>> DORIS' COUSIN, HOW EXCITING.
I'M SURE THE PRESS
WILL BE CLAMORING
FOR THAT EXCLUSIVE.
>> WHO'S HER COUSIN,
MR. MADIGAN?
>> AL GORE.
>> AL GORE?
THE FORMER VICE-PRESIDENT?
>> YES.
BUT LET'S KEEP IT QUIET, TRUE.
WE'VE ALREADY HAD ONE SECRET
STOLEN TODAY.
>> I DON'T THINK ANYONE HERE
WOULD TELL YOUR SECRET.
>> WELL, YOU'D BE SURPRISED.
IN THE BIG MONEY WORLD
OF FASHION,
SECRETS ARE VERY VALUABLE.
YOU NEVER KNOW WHO'S A SPY.
>> HEY, TRUE, I--
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
>> JUST CHILLIN' LIKE BOB DYLAN.
>> FIRST OF ALL, I HAVE NO IDEA
WHO THAT IS.
SECOND, YOU'RE HIDING A CAMERA
BEHIND YOUR BACK.
>> SINCE THIS IS A GREEN EVENT,
DO YOU THINK THE PODIUM
SHOULD BE GREEN?
>> I LOVE IT.
I MEAN, IF YOU DO.
>> PSST.
PSST.
>> NOT NOW, RYAN.
>> I NEED TO TALK TO YOU.
>> LOOK, FINGERS BLEED,
GET OVER IT.
>> JUDY'S A SPY.
>> RYAN.
>> LOOK, I KNOW I THINK
EVERYONE'S A SPY,
BUT THIS TIME SHE REALLY
IS A SPY.
>> OKAY, AND YOU KNOW THIS
BECAUSE HOW?
>> SPY CAMERA.
YUP, JUDY WAS TAKING PICTURES.
>> MAYBE SHE WAS TAKING
PICTURES FOR HER PROJECT.
AND WHAT DID SHE SAY
WHEN YOU ASKED HER?
>> WELL, THAT SHE WAS TAKING
PICTURES FOR HER PROJECT.
>> TRUE.
>> I DON'T HAVE TIME FOR THIS.
>> WAIT, WAIT, WAIT,
JUST SEE FOR YOURSELF.
>> YES, SIR.
>> DO YOU THINK I SHOULD
STAND TALL AND PROUD
OR HUNCHED FORWARD WITH CONCERN?
A CAMERA, EXCELLENT.
YOU ALWAYS COME PREPARED, TRUE.
TAKE MY PICTURE.
JIBINI.
>> OH, IS THAT SWAHILI
FOR CHEESE?
>> NO, IT'S SWAHILI FOR "OUCH."
I STUBBED MY TOE.
>> OH.
>> HEY.
MY DOPEY FRIEND, RYAN
TOOK YOUR CAMERA.
SORRY. WHERE ARE YOU GOING?
>> PEP RALLY.
>> WELL, DO YOU HAVE TO GO
AS SOON?
'CAUSE WE REALLY DIDN'T GET
A CHANCE TO FINISH OUR TOUR.
>> TRUE?
>> YEAH?
>> IN LIGHT OF WHAT'S GOING ON,
ARE YOU SURE IT'S THE BEST IDEA
TO BE SHOWING THE OFFICE
TO STRANGERS?
>> WHAT IS WITH EVERYBODY TODAY?
JUDY IS JUST A COLLEGE STUDENT.
RIGHT?
>> OH, I'M SORRY
I WASN'T PAYING ATTENTION.
I WAS JUST THINKING ABOUT THIS
GREAT ROCK AND ROLL SONG
I HEARD AT COLLEGE.
CAN WE TAKE THAT TOUR NOW?
>> GO RIGHT THIS WAY.
OUR DESIGN DEPARTMENT
HAS OVER 600 DESIGNERS ON STAFF.
>> SIX HUNDRED?
THAT SEEMS LIKE A LOT.
>> RIGHT.
YOU CAN TAKE NOTES IF YOU WANT.
>> OH, GOOD IDEA.
MY PROFESSOR IS ALWAYS,
"TAKE NOTES, TAKE NOTES."
HE'S LIKE A BROKEN RECORD.
>> WHAT'S A RECORD?
>> NEVER MIND.
>> OH HEY,
EVERYONE'S REHEARSING
FOR A BIG PRESS CONFERENCE
LATER.
YOU WANT TO SIT IN?
>> YEAH.
I MEAN, WHATEVS.
>> MAD STYLE,
HOW MAY I DIRECT YOUR CALL?
I'LL PUT YOU RIGHT THROUGH,
MR. CHUFFA.
>> I DON'T KNOW HOW IT WORKS.
DO I JUST TELL YOU
WHO I'M LOOKING FOR?
>> YES, THAT'S ALWAYS
A GOOD START.
>> RIGHT.
MY NAME IS MIKEY J.
>> AND YOU'RE LOOKING FOR LULU?
>> YEAH.
SHE SAID SHE WORKED HERE.
>> YES, SHE'S RIGHT IN THERE.
>> OKAY, AND I JUST GO RIGHT IN?
I DON'T REALLY KNOW
HOW IT WORKS HERE.
>> YOU JUST MOVE ONE FOOT
IN FRONT OF THE OTHER.
>> DO I TIP YOU?
>> NO.
>> THAT'S COOL.
HEY.
>> HEY.
>> I GOT YOUR TEXT.
>> I GOT YOURS.
>> SO, WE'RE BOYFRIEND
AND GIRLFRIEND NOW?
>> WHAT?
>> ISN'T THAT
WHAT YOUR EMOTICON MEANT?
>> YES.
I MEAN,
THAT'S WHAT YOURS MEANT, RIGHT?
>> HEY, MIKEY J,
WHAT ARE YOU DOING HERE?
>> JUST VISITING MY GIRLFRIEND
AT HER JOB.
>> HEY, MIKEY J,
WHAT ARE YOU DOING HERE?
>> BEAT IT, RYAN.
>> WHERE'S TRUE?
>> SHE'S TAKING JUDY ON A TOUR
OF THE OFFICES.
>> WHAT? BUT JUDY'S A SPY.
>> RYAN THINKS
EVERYONE'S A SPY.
>> THAT'S COOL.
>> NO. NO, IT'S NOT.
>> DOES HE WORK HERE?
>> NOT REALLY.
>> THAT'S COOL.
SO, DO I HOLD YOUR HAND?
I DON'T REALLY KNOW
HOW IT WORKS.
>> IN SUMMATION,
THE CLOTH OF THE MUTUBA TREE
IS UNUSABLE
SINCE THE OILS FROM THE BARK
ARE QUITE POISONOUS.
QUESTIONS?
>> WHAT DO YOU THINK
THE NEW FALL COLORS WILL BE?
>> SEAFOAM GREEN AND PERIWINKLE.
YES?
>> MEN'S SUITS,
HOW MANY BUTTONS?
>> ELEVEN.
TWO ON EACH CUFF
AND SEVEN DOWN THE MIDDLE.
DOES OUR YOUNG STUDENT
HAVE A QUESTION?
>> UM, YES.
ARE YOU SAYING THAT MAD STYLE
WILL NOT BE USING MUTUBA CLOTH
IN ITS UPCOMING DESIGNS?
>> THAT'S CORRECT.
THEN WE'LL INTRODUCE
OUR SPECIAL GUEST
AND WE'LL CLOSE WITH A SONG.
GOOD REHEARSAL, EVERYBODY.
>> OH, I SHOULD GET BACK
TO MY DORM.
I THINK I LEFT MY HOT PLATE ON.
>> DON'T GO.
YOU GOT TO CHECK OUT ELLA
IN ACCOUNTING.
SHE'S GOT A GOAT.
IT ATE HER KEYBOARD
AND KICKED A HOLE
THROUGH THE WALL.
TOO CUTE.
>> YEAH, GOATS ARE DA BOMB,
BUT, YOU KNOW,
IF I BURN DOWN MY DORM,
DEAN WORMER'S GONNA GIVE ME
DOUBLE SECRET PROBATION.
BYEEE.
>> ARE YOU INSANE?
>> ASK THEM.
>> GOOD WORK, TRUE.
THAT OUGHT TO KEEP
SIMON CRISTINI OFF OUR BACKS
FOR A WHILE.
>> WHAT, YOU TRICKED JUDY?
>> NO, THEY DID.
I JUST LET HER INTO THE ROOM.
>> I AM SO PROUD OF YOU, TRUE.
AND AS A SPECIAL THANK YOU,
I'D LIKE FOR YOU
TO HAVE THIS MUG.
>> NO, I COULDN'T, NO.
>> YOU TAKE IT. TAKE THE MUG.
OH, I'M JUST KIDDING.
I LOVE THIS ANCIENT
MICROWAVE-SAFE MUG.
>> WELL, I'M JUST GONNA--
OKAY, I'LL GO NOW.
>> WHAT'S WRONG? WE WON.
>> IT'S JUST FASHION
IS NOT SUPPOSED TO BE
ABOUT WINNING AND LOSING.
IT'S SUPPOSED TO BE
SOMETHING BEAUTIFUL.
AND TODAY, IT JUST FELT MEAN.
JUDY TOOK ADVANTAGE OF ME.
>> TRUE, YOU KNOW THAT FEELING
YOU GET IN YOUR STOMACH
WHEN YOU DRAW A DESIGN
OR WHEN YOU GET
A REALLY GOOD IDEA
THAT YOU'RE PROUD OF?
SOMETIMES YOU HAVE TO DRAW
A HUNDRED DESIGNS
BEFORE YOU GET THAT ONE.
AND YOU KNOW IT'S RIGHT.
>> I LOVE IT WHEN THAT HAPPENS.
>> ME TOO.
SOME PEOPLE
WILL NEVER GET THAT FEELING.
THOSE ARE THE PEOPLE
I FEEL SORRY FOR.
>> HEY, TRUE,
CAN YOU SAVE THREE SEATS
FOR THE PRESS CONFERENCE?
>> THREE?
>> ONE FOR ME, ONE FOR LULU,
AND ONE FOR LULU'S BOYFRIEND.
>> YOU SAID WHAT NOW?
>> AND SO, IN THIS TIME
WHEN THE ENVIRONMENT
IS THE SINGLE
MOST IMPORTANT ISSUE FACING US,
MAD STYLE IS COMMITTED
TO LOWERING
OUR CARBON FOOTPRINT.
TODAY WE MAKE A DECISION,
NOT FOR OURSELVES,
BUT FOR THE COUNTLESS
GENERATIONS THAT FOLLOW US.
>> WHY ARE YOU BOUNCING YOUR LEG
SO MUCH?
>> I'M NOT SURE.
I MEAN, WHO'S TO SAY
HOW THINGS HAPPEN, RIGHT?
IT'S NOT LIKE WE'RE SCIENTISTS.
>> WAIT, YOU DIDN'T HAVE
GO GO BEARS, DID YOU?
>> MAYBE.
>> OKAY, RYAN,
YOU KNOW YOU CAN'T HAVE THOSE.
THEY MAKE YOU CRAZY.
>> SKIBIDIE-BOP-BOP.
I'M SORRY, WHAT?
>> SIT THERE
AND TRY TO KEEP IT TOGETHER.
>> OUR MUTUBA LINE
WILL BE AVAILABLE
ACROSS THE GLOBE
AND REPRESENTS THE FIRST
ENTIRELY ECO-FRIENDLY COLLECTION
IN THE WORLD.
AND NOW, I'D LIKE TO INTRODUCE
OUR SPECIAL SPOKES-BURGER.
I'M SORRY, I MEAN SPOKESPERSON.
>> SOMEBODY NEEDS TO GET MAX
SOME FOOD.
UGH.
>> IT IS NOW MY GREAT HONOR
TO PRESENT TO YOU
VICE PRESIDENT AL GORE.
>> I LOVE THIS GUY.
>> SECURITY.
>> SO, WE TELL YOU
WHAT FLAVOR WE WANT?
I DON'T REALLY KNOW
HOW IT WORKS HERE.
>> JUST TWO CHERRY BERRY HELLOS.
AND YOU PAY.
THAT'S HOW IT WORKS.
>> THAT'S COOL.
>> SO, ARE YOU STILL WORKED UP
FROM THE GO GO BEARS, RYAN?
>> NO, I THINK
IT'S ALL OUT OF MY SYSTEM.
WHOOO.
>> SSHH.
>> WHOOO.
>> SO, WHAT EVER HAPPENED
TO JUDY?
>> SIMON CRISTINI FIRED HER.
>> HOW MANY SPIES
HAVE I BROUGHT DOWN NOW?
>> INCLUDING HER? ONE.
>> YEAH.
TAKE THAT, SPY COMMUNITY.
>> DON'T WORRY ABOUT HER,
THOUGH.
I HEARD SHE ALREADY GOT
A NEW JOB.
>> WHERE?
>> NO IDEA.
>> HEY, PEEPS, WHAT'S THE HAPS?
OH, FRO YO IN THE HOUSE.
>> GUESS WHO TREATED ME
TO YOGURT?
MY BOYFRIEND.
MY BOYFRIEND BOUGHT THIS FOR ME.
MM-HMM. BOYFRIEND, YOGURT.
>> ARE YOU GOING
TO BE DOING THAT A LOT?
>> YEAH.
>> THAT'S COOL.
[MUSIC]
CAPTIONING PERFORMED BY
PEOPLESUPPORT
TRANSCRIPTION & CAPTIONING